new readme changes (#704)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: sdk/iot/README.md

## Key Features

:heavy_check_mark: feature available  :heavy_check_mark:* feature partially available (see Description for details)  :heavy_multiplication_x: feature planned but not supported

Feature | Azure SDK for Embedded C | Description
---------|----------|---------------------
 [Send device-to-cloud message](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-messages-d2c) | :heavy_check_mark: | Send device-to-cloud messages to IoT Hub with the option to add custom message properties. 
 [Receive cloud-to-device messages](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-messages-c2d) | :heavy_check_mark: | Receive cloud-to-device messages and associated properties from IoT Hub.   
 [Device Twins](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-device-twins) | :heavy_check_mark: | IoT Hub persists a device twin for each device that you connect to IoT Hub.  The device can perform operations like get twin document, subscribe to desired property updates.
 [Direct Methods](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-direct-methods) | :heavy_check_mark: | IoT Hub gives you the ability to invoke direct methods on devices from the cloud.  

>  [DPS - Device Provisioning Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-dps/) | [Supported] | This SDK supports connecting your device to the Device Provisioning Service via, for example, [individual enrollment](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-dps/concepts-service#enrollment) using an [X.509 leaf certificate](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-dps/concepts-security#leaf-certificate).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [DPS - Device Provisioning Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-dps/) | :heavy_check_mark: | This SDK supports connecting your device to the Device Provisioning Service via, for example, [individual enrollment](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-dps/concepts-service#enrollment) using an [X.509 leaf certificate](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-dps/concepts-security#leaf-certificate).  

```

> # Embedded C for Azure IoT Clients

Reviewer 2: @ericwol-msft This new name pattern is different from how we name clients.  I would have expected
   Azure IoT Clients for Embedded C
ex:
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/storage
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/master/sdk/storage
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/storage
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/storage/azure-storage

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/keyvault
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/master/sdk/keyvault
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/keyvault
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault

Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For
details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate
the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to
do this once across all repositories using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
[opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

### Additional Helpful Links for Contributors

Many people all over the world have helped make this project better.  You'll want to check out:

* [What are some good first issues for new contributors to the repo?](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-c/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22up+for+grabs%22)

> * [How to build and test your change](CONTRIBUTING.md#developer-guide)

Reviewer: this `404`'s

Author: fixed.

> * [How you can make a change happen!](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)

Reviewer: `404`'s

Author: fixed.

> * Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) and Conceptual Topics in the detailed [Azure SDK for C wiki][azure_sdk_for_c_wiki].

Reviewer: no link here

Author: fixed.

## Contributing

> For details on contributing to this repository, see the [contributing guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 2: This didn't merge with master correctly.  The contributing and License section should be the following

```
## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this library, please read the [contributing guide][azure_sdk_for_c_contributing] to learn more about how to build and test the code.

### License

Azure SDK for Embedded C is licensed under the [MIT][azure_sdk_for_c_license] license.

<!-- LINKS -->
[azure_sdk_for_c_contributing]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[azure_sdk_for_c_license]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/LICENSE
```

Author: updated!

> 

Reviewer 2: Contributing section should refer to repo contributing section

```
## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this library, please read the [contributing guide][azure_sdk_for_c_contributing] to learn more about how to build and test the code.

### License

Azure SDK for Embedded C is licensed under the [MIT][azure_sdk_for_c_license] license.

<!-- LINKS -->
[azure_sdk_for_c_contributing]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[azure_sdk_for_c_license]: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/LICENSE
```

Author: done!
